Kotlin Assessment
================================================================================

A Kotlin assessment given the following exercises:

1. Write a data structure for a Binary Tree whose nodes contain Int values in Kotlin.

2. File System: Explain the data structures and algorithms that you would use to design an in-memory file system. Illustrate with an example in code where possible.

3. Tic Tac Win: Design an algorithm to figure out if someone has won a game of tic-tac-toe. The algorithm should be written in Kotlin.

The assessment is written as a basic Kotlin project. The project is built using
Gradle and the Kotlin DSL.

## 1. Binary Tree
The instructions call for creating a basic binary tree data structure. This
data structure is generally less useful than a binary search tree. To 
demonstrate more advanced binary trees, I have partially implemented multiple 
binary tree data structures. The binary tree data structures implemented are:

1. [Binary Tree](src/main/kotlin/org/bitwisearts/tree/BinaryTree.kt)
2. [Binary Search Tree](src/main/kotlin/org/bitwisearts/tree/BasicBinarySearchTree.kt)
3. [Red-Black Tree](src/main/kotlin/org/bitwisearts/tree/RedBlackTree.kt)

## 2. File System
The instructions call for an in-memory file system. This is a task that builds
on the binary tree data structure exercise. Trees are at the root of many file
systems and databases. The file system data structure implemented is:

1. [In Memory File System](src/main/kotlin/org/bitwisearts/filesystem/InMemoryFileSystemSession.kt)
   Contains code for interacting with a file system.
2. [Files](src/main/kotlin/org/bitwisearts/filesystem/Files.kt)
   Contains code for interacting with files. This provides the core discussion pertinent to the assignment.


## 3. Tic Tac Win
The main function that can be used to run Tic Tac Win 
[TicTackWinMain](src/main/kotlin/org/bitwisearts/tictactoe/TicTacWinMain.kt).

The full implementation of the Tic Tac Toe game is in
[TicTacToe](src/main/kotlin/org/bitwisearts/tictactoe/TicTacToeBoard.kt).

Any board can be constructed using a standard Kotlin String with each cell state 
represented by a single character all in order with the 0th character as 
cell `(0,0)` and the 8th character as cell `(2,2)`. The characters are:
* `'-'` - [CellState.EMPTY]
* `'X'` - [CellState.X]
* `'O'` - [CellState.O]

```kotlin
// Creates a TicTacToeBoard
val board = TicTacToeBoard.board("XO-OX--XO")

// Creates an integer that represents a Tic Tac Toe board (TicTacToeBoard.board)
val boardValue = TicTacToeBoard.board("XO-OX--XO")

// There are two ways to check if a player has won:

// A dynamic algorithm that can be used to check if a player has won which
// calculates whether a player has won. It will return the CellState of the
// player that has won or `null` if no one has one.
val hasWonDynamic =
   TicTacToeBoard.checkBoardIsWinningDynamic(boardValue)

// A static way to determine if a player has won. This uses a pre-calculated
// code-generated object that contains all the possible winning combinations.
val hasWonStatic =
   TicTacToeBoard.checkBoardIsWinningStatic(boardValue)
```

The code-generated object, `WinningBoards`, contains all the possible winning
combinations. This object is generated by the `template` in TicTacToeBoard.kt. 
